docs: alert management (#75478)
metabase/metabase: docs/installation-and-operation/alert-management.md

---
title: Alerts management
summary: "See all alerts in your instance and manage them in bulk"
---

# Alerts management

_Admin > Tools > Alerts management_

> Admins can see all [question alerts](../questions/alerts.md) active in their Metabase instance, identify failed or orphaned alerts, and delete alerts in bulk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Alert management section, Admins can:

- View and search all [question alerts](../questions/alerts.md) in their Metabase
- Identify failed or orphaned alerts
- Edit alerts, including changing the alert's owner
- Delete alerts in bulk
```

![Alert management](./images/alert-management.png)

> Alert management includes only question alerts. Currently [dashboard subscriptions](../dashboards/subscriptions.md) are not included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, [dashboard subscriptions](../dashboards/subscriptions.md) are not included.
```

## See all alerts

To see all alerts active in your Metabase instance, go to **Admin > Tools > Alerts management**.

> You can:

Reviewer: Might want to match UI to avoid repetition.

Something like:

You can filter by:

- **Channel** (Email, Slack, Webhook)...
- **Whether the last send attempt was successful**...
- **Whether the alert owner is still active***...

- Filter alerts by channel ([email](../configuring-metabase/email.md), [Slack](../configuring-metabase/slack.md), or [webhook](../configuring-metabase/webhooks.md)) or recipient.

- See alerts that **failed** the last time they were ran.

  Failed alerts view include both alerts that were attempted but failed (for example, because of a query error) and alerts that were abandoned and never attempted (for example, because the instance was restarting at the moment when the alert was scheduled).

>   To see the entire history of alert runs (not just the last attempt), go to **Admin > Tools > Tasks** instead.

Reviewer: You can also view the history of an individual alert in the side panel.

- See **ownerless** alerts - alerts whose owner has been deactivated

  This is helpful when you want to [mass-delete](#delete-alerts) alerts that are no longer relevant, or [change the owner](#change-alert-owners) to an active user.

- See individual alert's properties and history.

- [Delete alerts in bulk](#delete-alerts).

- [Change alert owners in bulk](#change-alert-owners).

If you want to get some analytics about your alerts (rather than manage them) - for example, you want to see how many alerts have failed per week, or which questions have the most number of alerts - use [Usage Analytics](../usage-and-performance-tools/usage-analytics.md) instead.

> ## Change alert owners

Reviewer: Wonder if we should have "Editing alerts" be the H2, and the different things you can edit as H3s. Missing on this page: viewing send/attempt history, editing schedule, editing channel.

Author: >editing schedule, editing channel.

you can do that from the alert itself, you don't need alert management for that. That's why it's mentioned that you can edit alerts, but not outlined in detail - we have another doc for that.
